README.md, before:

# CoolSchool  
Live Link: https://coolschool.vercel.app/  
  
## Summary  
This is the client side of my full-stack app. This app is a notes and essays management app for students.  
Users can add courses to their homepage. They can also change the color of the course tab.  

![main page](https://i.ibb.co/NL8DqL7/mainPage.png)  
  
Clicking on a course takes the user to the course page. The title of the page is the same color as they chose  
for that course. The course page contains the users notes and essays.

![course page](https://i.ibb.co/vDpFrW4/course-Page.png)  
  
Users can add or view the ones they already created. Clicking on a specific note or essay displays the contents. From here users can delete or edit it.  
  
![note page](https://i.ibb.co/ZJtJPBr/notePage.png)  
  
## Tech Stack  
This is a React based app built using functional components and hooks, with React Router handling navigation. This app was created with "create-react-app" node module so it contains all dependencies associated with that.  
 
The back-end is hosted on Heroku and uses PostgreSQL as the persistence layer. More information on the back-end can be found here - https://github.com/maman0022/coolschool-server.

Commit message:

updated readme to mention testing

README.md, after:

# CoolSchool  
Live Link: https://coolschool.vercel.app/  
  
## Summary  
This is the client side of my full-stack app. This app is a notes and essays management app for students.  
Users can add courses to their homepage. They can also change the color of the course tab.  

![main page](https://i.ibb.co/NL8DqL7/mainPage.png)  
  
Clicking on a course takes the user to the course page. The title of the page is the same color as they chose  
for that course. The course page contains the users notes and essays.

![course page](https://i.ibb.co/vDpFrW4/course-Page.png)  
  
Users can add or view the ones they already created. Clicking on a specific note or essay displays the contents. From here users can delete or edit it.  
  
![note page](https://i.ibb.co/ZJtJPBr/notePage.png)  
  
## Tech Stack  
This is a React based app built using functional components and hooks, with React Router handling navigation. This app was created with "create-react-app" node module so it contains all dependencies associated with that. Testing is done with Jest and the React testing library.
 
The back-end is hosted on Heroku and uses PostgreSQL as the persistence layer. More information on the back-end can be found here - https://github.com/maman0022/coolschool-server.
